docs/moderators.md: add section on Trusted Reporters (#332)
matrix-org/mjolnir: docs/moderators.md

which are protected with `!mjolnir rooms`, and remove a room with `!mjolnir rooms remove <room alias>`. Note
that rooms which are listed in the config may be protected again when the bot restarts - to remove these rooms
permanently from protection, remove them from the config.

## Trusted Reporters

> Mjolnir has an (optional) system in which it will poll Synapse for new reports, and when it sees sufficient
> (configurable limit) amounts of reports from trusted (configurable list) users on an given report, it will
> take a configurable action, such as redacting the message.

Reviewer: The parenthesis read a bit choppy to my non-native eyes. Would the following work?

```suggestion
Mjolnir has an (optional) system in which it will poll Synapse for new reports, and when it sees sufficient amounts of reports from trusted users on an given report, it will take a configurable action, such as redacting the message.

Both the users to trust and the threshold to reach before taking action are configurable.
```

Prerequisites:
* `pollReport: true` in Mjolnir config file
* retart Mjolnir
* `!mjolnir enable TrustedReporters`
* `!mjolnir config add TrustedReporters.mxids @trusteduser:example.com`
* `!mjolnir config set TrustedReporters.alertThreshold 3`

> TrustedReporters supports 3 different thresholds; `alertThreshold`, `redactThreshold`, and `banThreshold`.

Reviewer: Are there docs explaining what alert, redact and ban thresholds do and when they are triggered?

Author: the "when" is meant to be implied by the rest of the text; you configure the thresholds and the only one defined by default is `alert`

which are protected with `!mjolnir rooms`, and remove a room with `!mjolnir rooms remove <room alias>`. Note
that rooms which are listed in the config may be protected again when the bot restarts - to remove these rooms
permanently from protection, remove them from the config.

## Trusted Reporters

Mjolnir has an (optional) system in which it will poll Synapse for new reports, and when it sees sufficient
amounts of reports from trusted users on an given message, it will take an action, such as redacting the message.

The users to trust, the actions to take, and the thresholds needed for those actions are configurable.

Prerequisites:
* `pollReport: true` in Mjolnir config file
* retart Mjolnir
* `!mjolnir enable TrustedReporters`
* `!mjolnir config add TrustedReporters.mxids @trusteduser:example.com`
* `!mjolnir config set TrustedReporters.alertThreshold 3`

TrustedReporters supports 3 different thresholds; `alertThreshold`, `redactThreshold`, and `banThreshold`.

> By default, only `alertThreshold` is enabled, and is set to `3`. Mjolnir will only consider reports that

Reviewer 2: Do we need to make it clear that this is a separate alert to the one you get with the `displayReports` config option?
